Feature/update documentation v2.0 (#200)
digin-energi/Grunnprofil: README.md

DIGIN has developed a test model, the DIGIN10 model for the regional and local distribution grid, that can be used together with the NORDIC44 transmission grid model for the nordic TSO grid. The DIGIN10 model contains the whole grid from the transmission connection to the local end user. 

 CGMES v3.0 using CIM17 is the basis for the profiles. The DIGIN10 model contains two boundary model profiles, one between each model authority sets (MAS).

## Definitions 
- CIM = Common Information Model
- CGMES = Common Grid Model Exchange Standard
- MAS = Model Authority Set
- HV = High Voltage (in this model: transmission grid)
- MV = Medium Voltage (in this model: regional and local distribution grid)
- LV = Low Voltage (in this model: low voltage local distribution grid)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PATL = Permanent Admissible Transmission Loading
TATL = Temporarily Admissible Transmission Loading
```

## Versions

> DIGIN10-24-v1.0 - Power flow and simulation utilization using CGMES v2.4 (CIM16). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DIGIN10-24-v1.0 - A 40 bus power flow case for MV and LV according to CGMES v2.4 (CIM16). Kept in this release to show the transition.
```

Author: Added, but will change "Kept in this release to show the transition" to "Kept in v2.0 release to show the transition"

> DIGIN10-30-v2.0 - Conversion of DIGIN10-24-v1.0 to CGMES v3.0 (CIM17).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DIGIN10-30-v2.0 - A 40 bus power flow case for MV and LV according to CGMES v3.0 (CIM17). A release to show the transformation from CGMES v2.4 to CGMES v3.0. 
```

## Specifications

> CGMES v3.0 using CIM17 for MV and LV grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 A 40 bus power flow case for MV and LV according to CGMES v3.0 (CIM17). Including two Model Authority Set (MAS), bilateral boundaries and reference data. The solution is done on the merged (MV1+LV1).
```

## Content
The DIGIN10 model contains the following
- Profiles according to CGMES v3.0 using CIM17: DL, GL, SV, TP, SSH, EQ, OP

>   - All files are CIM.XML files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - All instance files are according to CIMXML format (IEC 61970-552) which is based on RDF XML.
```
